Add project secrets management guide documentation (#541)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/setup/project-secrets.md

---
title: Managing project secrets
description: Project secrets management guide
weight: 6
---

> Livingdocs offers the possibility to use project secrets to encrypt credentials and tokens used for third party integration. It is possible to generate a new key using our developer CLI tools and use the generated key in the project configuration for Livingdocs Server to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Livingdocs all the integration configs live within a project configuration, which gets serialized and sent to the editor and other clients. Instead of leaking secrets to client side applications, it is possible to save secrets outside this configuration and reference it. Secrets are encrypted using an encryption key configured in the server and then persisted into postgres.
```

> ## Project configuration

Reviewer: Prerequisite - Secret Encryption Key in Server Configuration
